raj
ash
geome
DP
lazy


Geometry :

Aang is fond of geometric figures, especially with equilateral triangles. He likes to know how well equilateral triangles cooperate with other figures. 
He initially takes an equilateral triangle of side t1. He also takes a square of side a, rectangle of dimensions l and b, another equilateral triangle of side t2 
and a circle of radius r. He then takes turn and places each figure near the initial equilateral triangle of side t1. While placing nearer, he can place those 
figures in any orientation, any two edges of the two figures can be along same line but the figures cannot overlap. He now needs to find a cooperation value 
which is the minimum area of the rectangle needed to surround the area of the two figures. For example, when he places a square near a triangle, the cooperation 
value is the area of the smallest rectangle which can surround the areas of the triangle and square. Now, given the values, find the cooperation values of all 
the figures with the initial equilateral triangle.

Input:
First line consists of t, the number of test cases (1 <= t <= 20)
Next t lines consists of 6 values t1, a, l, b, t2 and r denoting side of first triangle, side of square, length and breadth of rectangle, side of second triangle and radius of circle.

Output :
For each test case, print a single line consisting of the cooperation values of the first triangle with the square, rectangle, circle and the other triangle respectively. (separated by spaces rounded off to 4 decimal digits)

Sample :
input :
1
2 2 2 3 2 1
7.4641 9.4641 7.4641 5.1962

Family wealth :
Consider a family in the form of a binary tree consisting of male and female nodes. All the left nodes will be male nodes and all the right nodes will be female nodes.
Root node will be female node. The root female initially has a wealth w which she passes on down the tree. The rules are as follows :
a) all the males in the family pass half of their wealth to each of their children.
b) all the female nodes pass only half of their wealth to both their children collectively, but the male child suddenly converts it to twice the wealth received.
The members are numbered from 1 to n in the row-wise order. ie, root will be 1, it's two children will be 2 and 3 and so on. 
Given wealth W of xth node, you need to find the wealth of yth node.

Input :
First line consists of t, the number of test cases(1 <= t <= 20)
Each of t lines consists of three values x, y and W

Output :
For each input test case, print the wealth of yth node in a single line.

Example :
ginput :
11 3 1
4 6 4

output:
4
2

